_categories/installing_gazebo.md, before:

---
title: "Installing the Gazebo simulator"
desc: "Links related to the gazebo's installation instructions for different supported platforms"
subcategories: 
  - title: "Installing on Linux"
    items: 
      - title: 'One line installation'
        url: 'http://gazebosim.org/tutorials?tut=install_ubuntu&cat=install#Defaultinstallation:one-liner'
        desc: 'Short command to run in your terminal to install the latest Gazebo on all linux distributions'
        star: true

      - title: 'Ubuntu: choosing your package repositories'
        url: 'http://gazebosim.org/tutorials?tut=ros_wrapper_versions&cat=connect_ros#Important!simpleanalysisforaquickandcorrectdecision'
        desc: 'Gazebo can be installed from different repositories. Special attention for ROS users.'
        star: true

      - title: 'Ubuntu: packages installation'
        url: 'http://gazebosim.org/tutorials?tut=install_ubuntu&cat=install#Alternativeinstallation:step-by-step'
        desc: 'Traditional steps to configure a repository and install step by step the Ubuntu binaries using apt-get.'
        star: true

      - title: 'Ubuntu: prereleases/nightly packages installatinn'
        url: 'http://gazebosim.org/tutorials?tut=install_unstable&cat=install'
        desc: 'Experimental packages created from development branches still unreleased in official releases'
        star: false

      - title: 'Debian: packages installation'
        url: 'http://gazebosim.org/tutorials?tut=install_other_linux&cat=install#Debian'
        desc: 'How to install gazebo on Debian using .deb packages'
        star: true
      
      - title: 'Debian: installing gazebo7 on Jessie'
        url: 'http://answers.gazebosim.org/question/13031/installing-gazebo-in-debian-jessie/'
        desc: 'How to install gazebo using the package manager in other linux distributions'
        star: false

      - title: 'Fedora, Arch, Gentoo installations'
        url: 'http://gazebosim.org/tutorials?tut=install_other_linux&cat=install#Debian'
        desc: 'Instructions to install Gazebo7 on Debian Jessie'
        star: false
      
      - title: 'Compiling Gazebo from source on Linux'
        url: 'http://gazebosim.org/tutorials?tut=install_from_source&cat=install#InstallGazebofromsource%28UbuntuandMac%29'
        desc: 'How to compile gazebo from source on a Linux distribution.'
        star: false

      - title: 'Docker gazebo images'
        url: 'https://hub.docker.com/_/gazebo/'
        desc: 'Lightweight virtualized containers with gazebo preinstalled'
        star: false

      - title: 'Gazebo Changelog'
        url: 'https://bitbucket.org/osrf/gazebo/src/default/Changelog.md'
        desc: 'New features, bugfixes and changes between Gazebo versions'
        star: false

  - title: "Installing on MacOSX"
    items:
      - title: 'One line installation'
        url: 'http://gazebosim.org/tutorials?tut=install_on_mac&cat=install#Defaultinstallation:one-liner'
        desc: 'Short command to run in your terminal to install Gazebo on Mac'
        star: true

      - title: 'Supported OSX versions'
        url: 'http://answers.gazebosim.org/question/TODO'
        desc: 'Which OSX versions are supported by Gazebo'
        star: true

      - title: 'Brew installation step by step'
        url: 'http://gazebosim.org/tutorials?tut=install_on_mac&cat=install#Alternativeinstallation:step-by-step'
        desc: 'Guide to go through all the steps to install Gazebo using the Brew package manager'
        star: false

      - title: 'Brew Gazebo repository'
        url: 'https://github.com/osrf/homebrew-simulation'
        desc: 'Github repo containing the brew metadata about all gazebo related packages.'
        star: false

      - title: 'Gazebo installer for OSX (in progress)'
        url: 'http://answers.gazebosim.org/question/TODO'
        desc: 'Roadmap to implement a gazebo installer for OSX'
        star: false

      - title: 'Using ROS and Gazebo on MacOSX'
        url: 'http://wiki.ros.org/jade/Installation/OSX/Homebrew/Source'
        desc: 'Instructions to install ROS + Gazebo on MacOSX'
        star: false

      - title: 'Compiling Gazebo from source on Mac'
        url: 'http://wiki.ros.org/jade/Installation/OSX/Homebrew/Source'
        desc: 'How to compile gazebo from source on a Mac distribution'
        star: false

  - title: "Gazebo/ROS installation on Ubuntu Linux"
    items:
      - title: 'Choosing the right repositories for Gazebo/ROS'
        url: 'http://gazebosim.org/tutorials?tut=ros_wrapper_versions&cat=connect_ros'
        desc: 'When using ROS it is important to choose which gazebo version would work better for a particular case.'
        star: true

      - title: 'The version fully supported by ROS Indigo, Jade or Kinetic'
        url: 'http://gazebosim.org/tutorials?tut=ros_wrapper_versions&cat=connect_ros#UsingthedefaultGazeboversionforaROSdistribution'
        desc: 'Which is the gazebo version fully supported by all binary packages distributed by ROS'
        star: true
        
      - title: 'Using latest Gazebo with ROS'
        url: 'http://gazebosim.org/tutorials?tut=ros_wrapper_versions&cat=connect_ros#UsingaspecificGazeboversionwithROS'
        desc: 'Target for advanced users: how to use latest gazebo version with the different ROS distributions'
        star: true
        
      - title: 'Using latest Gazebo with ROS'
        url: 'http://gazebosim.org/tutorials?tut=ros_wrapper_versions&cat=connect_ros#UsingaspecificGazeboversionwithROS'
        desc: 'Target for advanced users: how to use latest gazebo version with the different ROS distributions'
        star: true

---

Commit message:

Added an all links' page and more index items

_categories/installing_gazebo.md, after:

---
title: "Installing the Gazebo simulator"
desc: "Links related to the gazebo's installation instructions for different supported platforms"
subcategories: 
  - title: "Installing on Linux"
    items: 
      - title: 'One line installation'
        url: 'http://gazebosim.org/tutorials?tut=install_ubuntu&cat=install#Defaultinstallation:one-liner'
        desc: 'Short command to run in your terminal to install the latest Gazebo on all linux distributions'
        star: true

      - title: 'Ubuntu: choosing your package repositories'
        url: 'http://gazebosim.org/tutorials?tut=ros_wrapper_versions&cat=connect_ros#Important!simpleanalysisforaquickandcorrectdecision'
        desc: 'Gazebo can be installed from different repositories. Special attention for ROS users.'
        star: true

      - title: 'Ubuntu: packages installation'
        url: 'http://gazebosim.org/tutorials?tut=install_ubuntu&cat=install#Alternativeinstallation:step-by-step'
        desc: 'Traditional steps to configure a repository and install step by step the Ubuntu binaries using apt-get.'
        star: true

      - title: 'Ubuntu: prereleases/nightly packages installatinn'
        url: 'http://gazebosim.org/tutorials?tut=install_unstable&cat=install'
        desc: 'Experimental packages created from development branches still unreleased in official releases'
        star: false

      - title: 'Debian: packages installation'
        url: 'http://gazebosim.org/tutorials?tut=install_other_linux&cat=install#Debian'
        desc: 'How to install gazebo on Debian using .deb packages'
        star: true
      
      - title: 'Debian: installing gazebo7 on Jessie'
        url: 'http://answers.gazebosim.org/question/13031/installing-gazebo-in-debian-jessie/'
        desc: 'How to install gazebo using the package manager in other linux distributions'
        star: false

      - title: 'Fedora, Arch, Gentoo installations'
        url: 'http://gazebosim.org/tutorials?tut=install_other_linux&cat=install#Debian'
        desc: 'Instructions to install Gazebo7 on Debian Jessie'
        star: false
      
      - title: 'Compiling Gazebo from source on Linux'
        url: 'http://gazebosim.org/tutorials?tut=install_from_source&cat=install#InstallGazebofromsource%28UbuntuandMac%29'
        desc: 'How to compile gazebo from source on a Linux distribution.'
        star: false

      - title: 'Docker gazebo images'
        url: 'https://hub.docker.com/_/gazebo/'
        desc: 'Lightweight virtualized containers with gazebo preinstalled'
        star: false

      - title: 'Gazebo Changelog'
        url: 'https://bitbucket.org/osrf/gazebo/src/default/Changelog.md'
        desc: 'New features, bugfixes and changes between Gazebo versions'
        star: false

  - title: "Installing on MacOSX"
    items:
      - title: 'One line installation'
        url: 'http://gazebosim.org/tutorials?tut=install_on_mac&cat=install#Defaultinstallation:one-liner'
        desc: 'Short command to run in your terminal to install Gazebo on Mac'
        star: true

      - title: 'Supported OSX versions'
        url: 'http://answers.gazebosim.org/question/TODO'
        desc: 'Which OSX versions are supported by Gazebo'
        star: true

      - title: 'Brew installation step by step'
        url: 'http://gazebosim.org/tutorials?tut=install_on_mac&cat=install#Alternativeinstallation:step-by-step'
        desc: 'Guide to go through all the steps to install Gazebo using the Brew package manager'
        star: false

      - title: 'Brew Gazebo repository'
        url: 'https://github.com/osrf/homebrew-simulation'
        desc: 'Github repo containing the brew metadata about all gazebo related packages.'
        star: false

      - title: 'Gazebo installer for OSX (in progress)'
        url: 'http://answers.gazebosim.org/question/TODO'
        desc: 'Roadmap to implement a gazebo installer for OSX'
        star: false

      - title: 'Using ROS and Gazebo on MacOSX'
        url: 'http://wiki.ros.org/jade/Installation/OSX/Homebrew/Source'
        desc: 'Instructions to install ROS + Gazebo on MacOSX'
        star: false

      - title: 'Compiling Gazebo from source on Mac'
        url: 'http://wiki.ros.org/jade/Installation/OSX/Homebrew/Source'
        desc: 'How to compile gazebo from source on a Mac distribution'
        star: false

  - title: "Gazebo/ROS installation on Ubuntu Linux"
    items:
      - title: 'Choosing the right repositories for Gazebo/ROS'
        url: 'http://gazebosim.org/tutorials?tut=ros_wrapper_versions&cat=connect_ros'
        desc: 'When using ROS it is important to choose which gazebo version would work better for a particular case.'
        star: true

      - title: 'The version fully supported by ROS Indigo, Jade or Kinetic'
        url: 'http://gazebosim.org/tutorials?tut=ros_wrapper_versions&cat=connect_ros#UsingthedefaultGazeboversionforaROSdistribution'
        desc: 'Which is the gazebo version fully supported by all binary packages distributed by ROS'
        star: true
        
      - title: 'Using latest Gazebo with ROS'
        url: 'http://gazebosim.org/tutorials?tut=ros_wrapper_versions&cat=connect_ros#UsingaspecificGazeboversionwithROS'
        desc: 'Target for advanced users: how to use latest gazebo version with the different ROS distributions'
        star: true
        
      - title: 'Using latest Gazebo with ROS'
        url: 'http://gazebosim.org/tutorials?tut=ros_wrapper_versions&cat=connect_ros#UsingaspecificGazeboversionwithROS'
        desc: 'Target for advanced users: how to use latest gazebo version with the different ROS distributions'
        star: true

  - title: "Installing on Windows"
    items:
      - title: 'Windows7 + MSVC12 installation'
        url: 'http://gazebosim.org/tutorials?tut=install_on_windows&cat=install'
        desc: 'Instructions to build gazebo in Windows7 using MSVC12'
        star: true

      - title: 'MSVC versions different than MSVC12'
        url: 'http://answers.gazebosim.org/question/TODO' # todo
        desc: 'Status of the support for different versions of Microsoft Visual Studio C++ compiler'
        star: false

      - title: 'Windows10 or other Windows versions installation'
        url: 'http://answers.gazebosim.org/question/TODO' # todo
        desc: 'Status of the support for different versions of Microsoft Windows, particularly Windows 10.'
        star: false


---
